Translation corrections (#169)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/tara_003.txt

	OutputLine(NULL, "…あ、誰もいないんだ。",
			NULL, "...Oh, nobody's home.", Line_WaitForInput);
	OutputLine(NULL, "今日は親父の仕事の都合で、お袋も一緒に出掛けているんだった。",

> 			NULL, " Dad and Mom left for reasons related to Dad's work.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " Dad and Mom left to do something for Dad's work.", Line_Normal);
```

//rあのさ…普通さ、親が出掛けるときって、なんか用意してから出掛けるよな。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "あのさ…普通さ、親が出掛けるときって、なんか用意してから出掛けるよな。",

> 			NULL, "You know... shouldn't parents leave something for their kids when they go out.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "You know... shouldn't parents leave something for their kids when they go out?", Line_Normal);
```
